Dad's done picking me up
Let you run let you run
Mengmeng
The hardest thing for dad is to leave you far away
Only so
You can live a better life
Where are you going, sir?
To the high-speed rail station, of course I found the owner
But the strength and memory of his life
Seems to have lost all good
Oh, I see.
5 years in the store
Summer vacation has finally found you
There is already news from the owner.
The various branches of the temple of orders
Three Protectors
Six commanders
The nine emissaries immediately went to the southern suburbs
Welcome to the life of my Lord
Hey, how's it going?
I investigated all the information about Ye Tianci
discover
He does have many similarities with the young master
However, there are also doubts
What doubt
When Ye Tiansi was young
It did appear in southern Xinjiang
But I can't find any information about him being 8-18 years old at all.
As if by a mysterious hand
Covered the same
Until five years ago
He was taken in by the Chu family because of his injury
And had a daughter with Chu Luoxi
Named Ye Mengmeng
So I have a granddaughter
Mengmeng
Is it my Ye family heirloom?
Godfather, this matter cannot be fully confirmed
After the banquet
Take out the jade pendant
Only after dripping blood to recognize relatives can we be foolproof
But I have notified the Nanjiang Royal Family.
Go do this
Well, then at the banquet
I blinded Tenci and my granddaughter
Become the entire southern border
The most dazzling existence